Small changes to README (#2)
viggotw/az-static-web-app-docs-template-fork: README.md

1. First, Azure automatically registers the **deployment token** as a secret in your repository, which you can view by visiting your **GitHub Repo > Settings > Secrets > Actions**. This gives the Web App access to your repo.
2. Second, Azure commits a workflow-file to your repo which contains the necessary GitHub Action for deploying the website located in `/docs/build`. This is triggered automatically when anything is pushed to main, and will handle the connection and deployment of content to your SWA.

>     - You can view triggered actions by clicking on "Actions" in your GitHub repo. (**NB!** Some of the triggered actions will fail at this point, but this will be fixed later).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - You can view triggered actions by clicking on "Actions" in your GitHub repo. (**NB!** The `deploy-site.yml`-action will fail at this point since we haven't yet created the GitHub secret that it expects. This will be fixed later).
```

To build the docs using `sphinx` and `mkdocs`, we need to add some custom build steps to the workflow file that the SWA created during its setup. Rather than editing the newly created workflow file, we can use the file that comes with this repo.

> 1. Navigate to your GitHub Repo > Settings > Secrets > Actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to your GitHub Repo > Settings > Secrets > Actions > Repository secrets.
```
